Now one of the things I would like to do
to you is challenge you in some
assignments here and a lot of assignments
are pretty straightforward and boring
and in this case I'm leaving you code
inside github that's knowingly broken so
I went in and broke the configuration so
when you start this up I know that it's
not going to work on you and you are
going to see errors. So the assignment is
for you to go in and fix it so you need
to add in some configuration possibly
some other things to get this working so
this is going to require you to
understand how the Spring dependency
injection is working and how the
annotations are working and you'll see
some errors, work through those and
you'll be able to fix it and if you
can't if you get stuck don't worry in
the next module I'm going to show you
exactly how to fix things I'll take you
step-by-step I'll show you the errors
and we'll go through show the errors
show my solution to fix the errors and
we'll step through and get this
completely working again with the new
components being managed by the Spring
context.